Docs: Remove S3 fields when setting up AWS OIDC Integration (#44057)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/guides/awsoidc-integration.mdx

```

## Step 2/4. Configure the Identity Provider in AWS
Navigate to [AWS IAM Identity Provider](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/identity_providers/create) and configure the Identity Provider:
- Provider type: OpenID Connect
- Provider URL:
```code
https://<Var name="teleport.example.com" />
```
- Audience: `discover.teleport`

> You should also add the following tags to ensure you can easily track the resource in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also add the following tags to help you track the resource in the future:
```
For docs style consistency
